[global]
monitor = 0
follow = mouse
geometry = "250x50-24+24"
indicate_hidden = yes
transparency = 10
shrink = no
separator_height = 0
padding = 8
horizontal_padding = 24
frame_width = 2
sort = no
idle_threshold = 120
font = Noto Sans 10
line_height = 0
markup = full
format = "<b>%s</b>\n%b"
alignment = left
show_age_threshold = 60
word_wrap = yes
ignore_newline = no
stack_duplicates = true
hide_duplicate_count = yes
show_indicators = no
icon_position = off
sticky_history = yes
history_length = 20
browser = /usr/bin/firefox -new-tab
always_run_script = true
corner_radius = 40
title = Dunst
class = Dunst

[shortcuts]
close = ctrl+space
close_all = ctrl+shift+space
history = ctrl+period
context = ctrl+shift+period

[urgency_low]
background = "#2f343f"
foreground = "#d8dee8"
timeout = 2

[urgency_normal]
background = "#2f343f"
foreground = "#d8dee8"
timeout = 4

[urgency_critical]
background = "#2f343f"
foreground = "#d8dee8"
frame_color = "#bf616a"
timeout = 0
